Carter 1-6
As a user, I want a more interesting name and theme than Suite of Games so that I can easily decipher this project(0 hours)
As a user, I want the games to be based off of Lambert's github games so that it can be familiar while also feeling new (0.5 hours)
As a user, I want three games that are joined into one webpage so that it is easy to navagate(8 hours)
As a user, I want to see stats for the games so that I can compare my scores to others(2 hours)
As a user, I want no pop ups so my game is not interrupted(0 hours)
As a user, I want the games to have a similar smooth look so that the interface can look cool while playing(4 hours)
As a user, I want to log in to the site so that my info and stats can be saved(2 hours)
As a client, I want the login to be seperate so that it can be manipulated without changing the whole website(2 hours)

Tasks-
Create github repo for website and make an html page, css, and javascript file.
Look at other github games that are provided
Pick 3 games to include and create source code for all 3
Add username and password access.
Create scoring systems for these games and create scoreboard based on people's usernames.

Sophia 7-14
As a user, I want for my login to be remembered, logging me in automatically along with a welcome back message mentioning my username. (1 hour)
As a client I would like the app to have the games designed with a clear separation so deleting or removing games is easier. (0.5 hours)
As a client I would like the protocols and interfaces utilitized to be standard, so it is easier to use with third-party tools. (0.5 hours)
As a client I would like you to use a version control system so that developers collaborate and can rollback changes. (0 hours)
As a client I would like you to plan for a database to be utilized by creating a database with fake information now for testing so that I know it is on standby. (2 hours)
As a client I would like for the GUI code to not have any business logic or game logic included in it so it could be used for the mobile market. (1 hours).
As a user, I would like to be able to customize the overall “wallpapering” of my view of the app. (2 hours)
As a client I would like a way to display ads via stub, and a way to change duration of ads via admin login. I would like the admin login to use the name Soggie Muffins and the password to be 123 (4 hours)

Tasks-
Create a database for user information
Create seperate files for each of the games to be developed on
Keep GUI separated from game logic
Create a user customizable GUI function to change wallpapering
Create ad space controllable via admin login
Create welcome back message function


Greg 15-21
--------------------
15:
    As a user, I want my passwords to be salted and hashed because I want to
        login securely. (1 hours)
16:
    As a client, I want the game assets to be small because I want the games to
        load quickly. (2 hours)
17:
    As a client, I want the game to make engaging sounds because the game's
        sounds help keep me engaged. (2 hours)
    As a user, I want to be able to mute the game since the game's sounds 
        could become repetitive and annoying. (2 hours)
    As a user, I want the game to remain muted between sessions because I
        don't want the game making noise every time I play it. (2 hours)
18:
    As a client, I want all the games to be playable with one hand because I
        don't want the game to become too confusing. (0 hours)
    As a client, I want the controls to be separate from game logic because
        I want to be able to extend this to other platforms. (4 hours)
19:
    As a user, I want a pause button on each game, because I don't always
        want to play in one session. (4 hours)
20:
    As a user, I want to be able to save my progress and resume it later 
        because I sometimes don't always have time to finish the game. (8 hours)
    As a client, I want the game to interface to a save system, originally to
        cookies, because I want to save game to a database later. (2 hours)
    As a user, I want to be able to resume my saved progress because I want
        to finish a game later. (1 hour)
    As a user, I want to be able to scrap my current saved progress because I
        want to play a new game instead of finishing my current game. (1 hour)
21:
    As a user, I don't want it to crash because I want to be able to freely
        play my game without issues. (4 hours)

-- Task List --
Passwords stored are salted and hashed.
Game assets should be medium quality.
Game assets should be under 100k in size.
Add sounds effects to actions within UI and game.
Add a mute option for all the sounds.
Allow remembering the setting of the mute option.
Ensure games are playable with one hand.
Separate controls from game logic.
Each game should have a pause button.
Create a save system for the games (maybe per game).
Allow save system to continue where left off or scrap progress.
The game should contain minimal bugs and crashes.

22. As a player, I would like to be able to save my progress so that I can come back to where I started without restarting.
23. As a game developer, I would like the suite of games to have a separation of concerns and interfaces, so that I can test new components without adding bugs.
24. As a developer, I would like an interface to add images on the pause menu when the mute button is hit, so that our team can put an “easter egg” (an image) of the team (doing something silly)
25. As a player, I would like a pause button on the game so that I can stop playing if I want to take a break.
26. As a developer, I would like crash reports to include some humorous errors so we can lighten the mood among the dev team whenever crashes happens.
27. As the client, we would like help screens to be pop up bubbles that appear when the mouse hovers over a “help” icon, so that the UI can be fresh and easy to read at any time.

--Task List--
Add save functionality (1 hour)
Add interface functionality for testing new components (3 hours)
Add easter egg interface for devs (1 hour)
Add pause functionality (1 hour)
Add humorous crash logs (< 1 hour)
Add help pop up interface for clean UI (2 hours)

